Now a domino or the moon-like sutra or the samadhi, samadhi, radhi sutra, Mahayana text,
said whoever think of the Buddha, Buddha, Buddha is right there, Buddha is right there, there and
not
just right there but Buddha will bless, Buddha will support all their practices, whoever think that
,
the truth happened that, let don't take by or let don't take all power out by the doubt
and hesitation, if we don't have that then again it will happen.
Buddha has no distances, Buddha has no distances, distances is conceptions, when you have this
realization or when you have that confidence, Buddha is right there, Buddha is not just relying
upon the kind of like, when you have the confidence, Buddha is not relying upon the
different means to be connected to us, Buddha is right there, Buddha don't have to be
dependent by the last quote, this travel agents, travel agents, all the transport agents,
all the telephone lines, all the practices, any of that, motor, car, train, any of that,
really it's always there, when you have that confidence, Buddha is right there, the Western mind,
Western realization is more, more faster, more quicker than even the modern technologies,
colleges and that modern technology in a way really proves there is a way means to connect
that that distance and all this is just only on the surface, surface but when you have that
kind of like hidden realization, the confidence then we discover that, call it this and then
there's no distance, there's no kind of these divisions making hundreds.